init.lua: exclude usernames from retrying (#17)
tarantool/job-re-runner: README.md

## Status codes
Job rerunner returns some status code while working on payload from GitHub.

|     | Result     | Meaning                                                                                           |
|-----|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 204 | No Content | Got empty payload, overall run attempts more than allowed, or user in `NO_RETRY_LIST` No action.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 204 | No Content | Got empty payload, overall run attempts more than allowed, or user in `NO_RETRY_LIST`. No action.  |
```

> | 204 | No Content | Got empty payload or overall run attempts more or equal to 4. Got user from not to retry list. No action. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 204 | No Content | Got empty payload, overall run attempts more than allowed, or user in `NO_RETRY_LIST`. No action. |
```

Author: Fixed!

| 200 | OK         | Final job was completed, but no action is required.                                                       |
| 201 | Created    | Final job was completed, restarting the workflow.                                                         |
| 202 | Accepted   | Recorded the queued or completed jobs and waiting for results.                                            |
| 404 | Error      | Job action is 'completed', but there's no previous record about it.                                       |

> ## Not to retry list support
> Job rerunner support list of GitHub usernames from whom not to rerun workflow.
> List of usernames must be placed in dokku environment variable called "NOT_TO_RETRY_LIST".
> Webhooks from users from that list will not be able to rerun workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Excluding usernames from retrying

Job rerunner support list of GitHub usernames from whom not to rerun workflow.

Usernames should be placed in a Dokku environment variable called "NO_RETRY_LIST"
as a comma-separated list: `NO_RETRY_LIST=username1,username2`
Webhooks from users from that list will not be able to rerun workflow.
```

Author: Fixed!

## Status codes
Job rerunner returns some status code while working on payload from GitHub.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 2: Is it from merge conflict?

Author: Yep, fixed it! Thank you!

| 404 | Error      | Job action is 'completed', but there's no previous record about it.                                       |

## Not to retry list support
Job rerunner support list of GitHub usernames from whom not to rerun workflow.
List of usernames must be placed in dokku environment variable called "NOT_TO_RETRY_LIST".
Webhooks from users from that list will not be able to rerun workflow.
=======
|     | Result     | Meaning                                                                  |
|-----|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 204 | No Content | Got empty payload or overall run attempts more or equal to 4. No action. |
| 200 | OK         | Final job was completed, but no action is required.                      |
| 201 | Created    | Final job was completed, restarting the workflow.                        |
| 202 | Accepted   | Recorded the queued or completed jobs and waiting for results.           |
| 404 | Error      | Job action is 'completed', but there's no previous record about it.      |

> >>>>>>> master

Reviewer 2: Is it from merge conflict?

Author: Fixed!
